[Docs]Docs Changes fix for apim-tooling #267 (#1350)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/learn/api-controller/getting-started-with-wso2-api-controller.md

            -    Required :  

                `--environment` or `-e` : Name of the environment to be added   
                AND (either)
                `--apim` : API Manager endpoint for the environments
                OR (the following 4)
                `--registration` : Registration endpoint for the environment 
                `--admin` : Admin endpoint for the environment  
                `--publisher` : Publisher endpoint for the environment  
                `--devportal` : DevPortal endpoint for the environment 
            -   Optional :

                `--token` : Token endpoint for the environment
            
        !!! tip
            When adding an environment, when the optional flags are not given, CTL will automatically derive those from `--apim` flag value.

        !!! note
            The `--environment (-e)` flag is mandatory.

>             You can either provide only the 1 flags `--apim` , or all the other 5 flags (`--registration`, `--publisher`, `--devportal`, `--admin`, `--token`) without providing `--apim` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            You can either provide only the flag `--apim` , or all the other 5 flags (`--registration`, `--publisher`, `--devportal`, `--admin`, `--token`) without providing `--apim` flag.
```

            If you are omitting any of `--registration`, `--publisher`, `--devportal`, `--admin` flags, you need to specify `--apim` flag with the API Manager endpoint.

>             In both these  cases `--token`  flag is optional and can be used to provide user preferred token endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            In both of the above cases `--token`  flag is optional and can be used to provide an user preferred token endpoint.
```
